9 a.m. in Shanghai, Shenzhen, and here
in Hong Kong, you're watching the China
Show. I'm Ivon Man with David and Glass.
>> Good morning. We're counting down to the
open markets in greater China. Our top
stories today, stocks across the Asia
Pacific declining for a second day as a
record-breaking rally [music]
loses steam. Treasuries holding to gains
on mixed economic data out of the US.
>> The US announcing plans to control
future sales of Venezuelan oil as it
tightens an energy quarantine, [music]
seizing more sanctioned oil tankers.
Tensions between China and Japan
escalate after Beijing launches [music]
an anti-dumping investigation into a key
chipmaking material.
>> Also ahead, an exclusive with the
co-founder [music] of Chinese AI startup
ZAI as it debuts in Hong Kong.
>> Plus, a lot more big guests coming
[music] through from CES in Las Vegas.
Plus, a conversation with the former Fed
vice chair Le Brenard on her [music]
outlook for the US economy and interest
rates.
>> [music]
[music]
>> Hey, a quick look at the market action
as we well post hump day and really
[music] after the torrent start to the
to the year and on on a benchmark
[music] basis in the Asia Pacific if
you're keeping count that's the second
day in the red. Although globally, we
could still call this the stalling of
the momentum. I wouldn't call it
substantial drop. Marginal at best when
you look at the price declines. Volume
certainly uh going down quite a bit
though. So it does seem like we're
consolidating after what's really been a
one really really good start to the
year. Cosby index 1.1%. This one has
actually been dancing to its own tune in
this specific market. Uh of late. Uh the
big story within the Korean markets,
well a couple of things like you have
defense stocks number one on
geopolitics. Number two is you have the
Samsung prelim earnings and we'll have
more details from Samsung Jan 29 is a
date that they put out there. Uh we've
managed to shake off the early weakness
in shares up 810 to 1%. We talked about
defense right number two and number
three on your boards and blue scope
steel of course rejecting uh the
takeover bid. Uh shares are uh to the
downside although we're coming off lows
today as far as that is concerned.
Right. rates. Uh we're looking at FX and
also commodity markets as we were
pointing out. Of course, we'll have a
macro conversation uh in a moment with a
former Fed vice chair joining us in a
couple of minutes here. Uh copper's
pulling back. Uh Brent is bouncing after
the 1 2% drop that we saw going into uh
today. Hence, we're looking at crude in
Shanghai and whether we're seeing the uh
the extension of the weakness that came
through in global oil markets overnight.
Shanghai crude coming up on your screens
uh and A50 futures as well and the focus
really has been in onore markets
specifically when you look at onore
markets hardware it have been have seen
substantial gains of late we talked
about crew there we go and we're still
looking at the 1.9% handle uh on the
10-year yield and as you can see we're
extremely close uh to that to that
specific level there
>> yep u in terms of your agenda here today
so some big trading debuts are happening
here in Hong Kong we're going to talk
about uh Z AI or JUPO. Uh also when it
comes to uh this other one, Eluvatar
Core X, you also have Edge Medical
Robotics. So those three are going to be
banging the gong here later on in the
bottom of this hour. There is that
pullback in tech which we've been
tracking really the last day or so. That
China X rally that still seems to have
some legs here. But in terms of sectors,
as Dave mentioned, it's really the
standouts which is it hardware, the
metals space, pharma as well. You talk
about the metals rally we're seeing in
China as well. Given this whole supply
squeeze that we're seeing, that
certainly has been a lot of speculative
sort of trading that we've seen of late
and China Japan tensions that continue
to escalate. Dave.
>> Yeah, in fact, just on that on that very
front, so you have two sort of specific
areas of geopolitics we're tracking very
closely as tensions remain front and
center for markets. You have in the
Atlantic, you have the US of course
saying it will control uh Venezuelan oil
exports immediately. At the same time,
China is putting Japanese chipmaking
materials in the crosshairs of its
diplomatic dispute, of course, over
comments on time.
>> Yeah, let's bring in our team. Senior
editor John Harney joins us from DC.
Also, our chief North Asia
correspondent, Stephen Engel, is here
with us in Hong Kong. John, I'll start
with you. Uh, they're saying the US is
going to be controlling these oil assets
indefinitely. What more do we know at
this point on how this is going to work?
Well, some sort of plan seems to be
taking shape in the days after the uh
raid uh that led to the capture of uh
Venezuelan President Nicholas Maduro in
Caracus. Um,
energy secretary Chris Wright did indeed
say that uh oil, Venezuelan oil uh would
now the sales would now be controlled by
the United States uh and um in
indefinitely. And this would involve at
least for now um stored oil. In other
words, oil that's already been pumped
out of the ground and is on tankers or
elsewhere in storage. uh the proceeds
from this um from these sales will go
into funds that will be controlled by
the United States Treasury. Now uh
Secretary Wright was quick to point out
that uh the US would not be taking this
money that it would be in some way it
would some way benefit the Venezuelan
people. What it would not do at least at
least as of uh according to the plan as
it's as it's uh being formed would
reimburse oil companies for um
for infrastructure etc that was
nationalized under Hugo Chavez uh the
former president of Venezuela.
>> Steve on the China Japan front what's
the latest there? Well, obviously the
the Chinese have been employing some of
the tactics they used in the trade war
with the United States uh export
controls. Obviously, they did that with
the United States in retaliation uh for
a number of their export controls. So,
they're employing a similar tactic with
Japan, which relies heavily on supplies
of rare earths. Uh you know, 70% of
Japan's rare earth imports are from
China. Uh so earlier this week we've
been digesting the news about the export
controls on so-called dual use products
uh that could be used for commercial and
military purposes. Uh 40% of Japan's
imports from China could be classified
as dual use. uh Japan has uh vehemently
uh protested uh that move uh but has not
again backed down on the root of these
issues and that is the comments of
course from Takiichis on the prime
minister about any invasion of uh Taiwan
would be a survival threatening
situation for Japan. Of course, China
wants a retraction uh or possibly
apology. Japan has been holding still.
Latest is Japan now, excuse me, China is
doing an anti-dumping
uh investigation which the Ministry of
Commerce said could last a year, could
last a year and a half into dchlorosate
which is a chemical that Japan is the
world leader in ultra high purity um
chemical dchlorosate. Uh so again and so
companies like Shinetsu Chemical,
Mitsubishi Chemical, Sumattomo Chemical,
uh they were all down today. Yes, they
are. They've been up quite significantly
uh over the last week or so. They're
they're feeling the pain right now. And
again, uh this is just another example
of how China is going to be using uh
their leverage in key materials of on
the export controls and then also hit
Japan where it hurts in another pillar
of their industry. team. Thank you. Uh
that was Stephen Angel here of course on
set with us and John Harney as well on
the latest on Venezuela. Right just
ahead here in shows we'll be speaking
with Insta 360 the co-founder there
about the camera makers [music] strategy
as pertains to expansion in business.
We're talking all things Fed macro rates
FX and everything in between with Le
Brainard uh joining us in a couple of
minutes as well [music] and also Hyundai
Motor about their plans for robotics and
closer ties with a company you might
know it [music] Nvidia. Coming down to
the open of trade, Shanghai, Shenzhen,
and here in Hong Kong, [music] this is
the China show.
All right, we're talking about cameras
now. We're talking Insta 360 is a
Chinese company known for its action
cameras and it's just unveiled some new
products at CES in Las Vegas. Let's get
to our tech correspondent Annabelle
Jewelers. She's there with the company's
co-founder. Hey Belle.
>> Hey Evon. Yeah. Joining us now is Max
Richter. He's co-founder of Insta 360.
And thanks very much for taking the time
to speak with us. We were just chatting
earlier. I really think at this event,
the whole of CES, Insta 360 is actually
really standing out because everyone is
carrying around these yellow tote bags
that have your name on them. So, so I'm
sure there's been quite a lot of brand
awareness, but but what have been the
sort of key takeaways for you from the
event and and what's been the big focus?
>> Yeah. Yeah, we're really excited to be
here actually for the 10th time now. Uh
we just had our 10 year anniversary last
year. Um, and Instant 360 has grown a
lot through throughout the years. But
what I really like about the CS this
year, there's a lot about talks about
AI. There's a lot of talks about um um,
you know, content generation as well.
And we kind of like merged these two
topics. In fact, actually AI is
something that we started very early on.
We use it for our camera to enhance the
image quality, to add uh, easier uh,
post- editing functionality. Um, so, so
we're very excited that these trends
also now get picked up more and and
specifically for our use case and
imaging and camera technology, it's also
something that really improves the user
experience. So, very happy to be here.
There's a lot of excitement at CS about
uh about us and uh you can see all
everybody's walking around with Insta3
bags, right?
>> It really is quite remarkable. I've just
been really thinking whoever whoever
made that decision I think actually
probably deserves a bonus. But anyway, I
do want to talk about the the new
products that that you've launched
because we were just chatting about how
you're expanding that product category
and and moving away from being
considered say pure play camera company.
So, so what's new,
>> right? So, so what you can see here is
that's our flagship camera, the Insta
360 X5. That's what we known for 360°
camera. It has two lenses and what it
does with that it erases your selfie
stick. So if I would hold this camera
like this, it basically makes the camera
invisible and I get a third person view
about myself. So that's that's one of
the very groundbreaking techn
technologies from Insta3 that makes us
very unique and this enables great use
cases in skiing, in traveling, um
mountain biking, whenever you're on the
road. Um but what's new at this show,
what we specifically launched here is uh
our first all new AI powered webcam.
That's the Insta3 Link 2 Pro uh C and
the Link 2 Pro uh uh webcam that is now
on the market. Um and what it does, it
has a built-in gimbal, so it tracks you.
Uh it's a it's very interesting for like
remote working or when you do
conferencing. Um that's something where
we also used our initial R&D and
research that we put into our hand
handheld cameras and put this into a a
form factor of a of a webcam. So so
super excited also to have this here.
Um, and then one more one more product
that's that's super excited to have with
it's actually what I'm wearing here. So,
that's our uh Go Ultra camera, a super
portable vlogging camera that can be
with me anywhere that turns you into a a
vlogging machine. I
>> mean, there's a lot of different
companies that have introduced products
here and and one that's generated some
buzz is is a relatively unknown company
called Leapick from from China and
they've also introduced a camera that
kind of looks similar to that. But what
is the the pressure that you see
competitive pressure that you see
because it's quite hard to stay ahead of
competitors?
>> I think there's definitely more
competition is heating up. Uh that
that's what we can feel as well. Um and
especially more in the lower tier
pricing sector. Um so we see pricing
pressure happening at the same time you
know instant 360's strength was always
innovation it was always creativity and
uh we we observed like what what is
coming up on the market but same time we
try to focus on our DNA what made us
successful over the last 10 years and
this was innovation and you can see this
like throughout our product portfolio
when we come up with a new product
there's always something different in it
we have like traditional action cameras
but just last year we launched an
explorer bundle which turns this
traditional action camera into a point
and shoot vlogging camera and we partner
with Leica here uh to have a optimized
image quality to have an optimized
accessory ecosystem and we try to escape
competition through innovation and
that's really what Insta 360 uh makes
different compared to all the the other
uh competitors out there
>> that's quite tough just just given
innovation cycles are so short in China
and there's also no shortage of
competitors as well so do you also see
the need to to consider price cuts uh
this year on on some of your key
products We we see we see our pricing
strategy overall that we going to
introduce different uh tiers of of
cameras and models. So let's say for our
flagship camera the X5 we have obviously
the premium the premium price point on
the flagship but then we also have the
X4 model or the X3 model who are still
on the market that will then be
affordable for early to late majority of
customers um and that are then more
retail driven. Uh in fact uh the big
chunk of our sales also comes from the
from those cameras that are older
generation models and that's kind of our
approach. So so like with the flagship
we always premium priced uh and then
when it comes to uh more entry- level
cameras these are mostly older
generation which doesn't mean that we
neglect these older cameras. In fact we
keep updating them with software and
firmware updates which also shows a
little bit how Insta 360 is different
compared to other camera companies. In
fact more than 60% of our R&D is
software engineers. So we pay a lot of
attention to the software experience and
and and I think I'm personally very
convinced that in the long term this is
what really differentiates the camera or
the imaging space. It's happening on the
software side. Like the hardware is very
easy to to imitate but what you can't
imitate so fast is the software and
that's where we build our expertise.
>> I want to talk about the listing last
year because you you debuted on the
starboard or star market in in June. So
it's about 8 months I guess ago. Was
that the the right BS for you to have
targeted and and what are you thinking
about in terms of fundraising or or
further capex that you need?
>> Right. Right. That's a good question.
Actually, this this IPO helped us to get
more funding for R&D for initial uh
research in new product categories like
uh you can expect a lot more exciting
products and product categories coming
up in in this year as well. And we use
that that funding really specifically
for R&D. And secondly, we use it for
international expansion. like I'm I'm
can tease this a little bit. We're going
to have a flagship store in Los Angeles.
We're going to have flagship store in
New York, in Munich, and and all around
the world in Tokyo. And that's where we
use this this this funding to really
expand more internationally um to be
more closer with the community, be more
closer with the the the the user. Um and
in the future, you know, like we we we
we keep observing what's what's possible
and what's happening in the space, and
if if there's more funding needed, we
will we will evaluate all options. Yeah.
So you're you're announcing that you're
going to have new retail presences in in
the US, Germany, Japan in within 2026,
>> correct? Yes. 2026 will be the year
where we will massively ramp up our
retail uh uh footprint and specifically
doing this with dedicated flagship
stores that are owned and operated by
ourselves.
>> What does the headcount plan look like
then as well?
>> Right. Right. We we now have what we in
the past year since in 2025 we have
around 4,000 employees worldwide now. Um
a big chunk of this is really on the R&D
on the on the software and hardware
engineer side. Um that's where the most
uh portion is. Same time we also try to
expand into our Los Angeles office. We
have a Munich office and a Tokyo office.
So here we also want to really invest
more locally, work with local talents um
and be again closer to the markets,
closer to our customers. So 4,000 today
again going to the end of the year. What
do you actually expect to be at?
>> I think I think you can probably guess
that we will add another 1,000 headcount
or so. But it's like it's really like
it's it's still it's it's really for us
case by case reevaluating how's the
growth trajectory happening, but a lot
of the investment will really go into
the R&D.
>> Yeah. And and just going back to that
that global expansion plan in terms of
of the outlook,
it sounds like are you going to be
prioritizing exchina or are you still
keeping that focus on the Chinese market
as well?
>> I think we are it's definitely including
China like it's it's China plus plus uh
rest of world. Um for us really
important that we we really see ourself
also as a global company as a global
brand with global talents. You know I'm
I'm originally from Germany. We have
teams here in Los Angeles. We have teams
in Munich. Um and we really try to
expand worldwide and um again though
Shenzhen is a great place for us to do
our R&D our research to have a great
access to an amazing ecosystem. That's
where our our product uh development is
happening. Same time for example in
Japan we already have some software or
imaging engineers that help us to
complement uh the the HQ roles and
that's something super exciting coming
up as well potentially in Germany. Yeah.
>> Wow. Okay. But if you want to be 25%
bigger by the end of the year in terms
of headcount, you've got quite a busy
few months ahead then it sounds
>> an ambitious goal. [laughter]
>> Okay, Max, thanks so much for joining us
this morning. That was Max Richtor
there, co-founder of Insta 360 at Dave
Vavon. I'll hand it back to you.
>> Right, fantastic. Uh, of course, we'll
be back live there at at our set in
Vegas in a couple of minutes with
another big interview coming up. Uh, in
the meantime though, have a look at
markets on the approach to the open. 10
minutes away, we should be getting the
pre-markets on [music] Hang Sang.
Onshore A50 proxies are pointing to some
downside finally after what has been
really a manic start to the year.
Although specifically it [music]
hardware, semis equipment have been on
absolute fire. So we'll look at that
specifically. Hansen index 1% to the
downside [music] trading debuts. A lot
to talk about there today. More on all
of that coming up. [music] Chris is
plumber.
[music]
Three trading debuts in Hong Kong today
to watch out for. We're seeing live
pictures out of the Hong Kong Exchange
this morning. [music] Very happy folks
there. And there you go. Z AI. We have
Eluvatar, Corex, [music] and Shenzhen
Edge Medical Robotics all listing here.
All doing quite well so far.
>> Yeah. Uh there we go. It's been an
extremely busy first week uh of trading
and certainly we still have more to come
tomorrow and you know, Giga Device, I
believe, of course, is is the big name
to watch next week. All that is to say,
of course, a lot of these names are
ticking all the right boxes, right? In
terms of what's hot,
>> all the buzzwords, right? AI chips,
robotics,
>> surgical robotics, right?
>> Surgical robotics. Yes. Not humanoid,
but you know, robotics.
>> At some point, the concepts will blur.
>> Yeah.
>> And that's it for us. But, you know, up
until that point, we'll get to it. So,
as you can see, of course, you can
actually tell by the number of trading
debuts that that are coming here in Hong
Kong by the number of gongs uh that are
there on at the Hong Kong exchanges. And
as you can see, the pre-markets, not to
even mention, right, massively overs
subscribed in the retail portion. and
good luck getting a an allocation. Uh
but yes, and a lot of these ones are
also priced to the upside. And I think
we have a fantastic uh statistic for you
that we're only we haven't even made it
to the 10th day of the calendar month.
And already we can extrapolate that this
is and likely will be the best January
for listings in terms of money raised. I
believe here in Hong Kong, best January
ever.
>> In case you're confused with the names,
we are too by the way. Like ZAI also is
known as Knowledge Atlas Technology,
also known as Japu. Okay, so that's all
one company. Um, but they are the first
major generative AI startup to list from
China uh there in Hong Kong. So
certainly that's one thing to watch
there and the gray market has been quite
strong as well. So certainly is going to
be a busy year not just for IPOs but
also a busy year for the Fed too, Dave.
>> Yeah, it's going to be extremely busy as
we try and figure out so the dots were
interesting, right? The last the last
Fed meeting um when you you had a bunch
of things, right? You had you had the
decision clearly. You had the tone of
the decision, the statement.
>> The dots sort of coalesed into market
pricing. So I think market pricing is
currently at about
>> two
>> two closer to two and a half if you
include December of next year. So let's
call it closer to two. Don't be
surprised if they go three, but the dots
also tell you don't be surprised if they
can only go one.
>> Yeah.
>> U and that is to say that's with the
current personnel,
>> right? And we have of course Jay
Powell's term coming up I think in May.
Yeah,
>> and that's also something to consider in
what way that will reorient uh the Fed
in terms of their decision-m and apart
from of course,
you know, the degree of confidence we
have over economic data too.
>> Yeah. So certainly that is going to be a
question which then extends to you know
Fed independence and whether the
divisions that you're seeing within the
FOMC right now is that in some way going
to be a way to make the next Fed chair a
bit difficult when it comes to lowering
rates much further from here. So that
certainly is going to be the key
questions for 2026. Here to answer some
of them for us hopefully from Singapore
is La Brainard, former Federal Reserve
vice chair and former White House
National Economic Council Director. She
joins us from Singapore this morning. Um
you know, thank you so much for joining
us and for the time. You know, obviously
a lot of questions for this year. I just
want to start off with the first
question maybe brings us back to what
happened last month. Do you think the
Fed was was right in terms of from
cutting rates further in December?
Well, I certainly think that the Federal
Reserve uh made the right call uh
starting in August to focus on the labor
market. You know, we saw uh five months
in a row uh the unemployment rate
ticking up, the job market had uh slowed
and also the tariff impact was somewhat
more moderate than many had feared. And
those things together made sense to do
some insurance cuts. They did three cuts
in a row. Uh but as you know from the
minutes and from a lot of the remarks
that some of the reserve bank presidents
in particular have given since then it
was a finally balanced decision. And so,
uh, I think a large number of the
committee are going to want, uh, unless
the data really deteriorates, uh,
dramatically, are going to want to be on
hold for at least a meeting, maybe two
meetings while they observe how the
economy is progressing.
>> And between inflation and the labor
market, and since we, you know, we're
looking at data now, which of the two do
you think currently holds more weight as
far as decision-m is concerned?
I think the labor market uh is the focal
point for uh the majority on the FOMC.
Again, the unemployment rate has ticked
up. It's now at 4.6%.
We'll know more tomorrow uh when we get
uh that December payrolls number with a
unemployment rate. Uh and that is going
to be very carefully scrutinized. The
last set of data was not very good
because of the shutdown. Also, we've had
a lot of government workers coming off
of government payrolls during this time.
So, uh tomorrow's print on unemployment
is going to be very carefully
scrutinized. I think if you saw a uh
jump up in the unemployment rate, it
would put a cut uh back in play, but so
far we've seen data from ADP and also
from job openings, layoffs uh that
suggests that the labor market continues
softening but is holding
on inflation though. I mean, we still
2025 was a year that we were waiting for
this sort of tariff induced pass
through. We didn't quite get it.
>> I'm just wondering in terms of taming
inflation, the the Fed has basically
been [music] trying to do so, but it's
been 5 years since they haven't been
able to tame it back to 2%. Is there a
concern now, do you think, of them
really losing their credibility when it
comes to their inflation credentials?
>> Absolutely. uh it's a riskmanagement
exercise at this juncture and that
really uh was uh prompted because of the
imposition of very high tariffs. I think
before that we had been seeing uh that
core inflation underlying trend
inflation moving back down to 2 and a
half% on its way to 2% but then you
added tariffs into the mix and of course
they had the effect of uh slowing hiring
or stalling hiring and also uh raising
prices. So the hawks on the committee,
the ones who are not inclined to cut,
had some real reservations, dissented uh
on the the most recent cuts, have
articulated precisely that concern that
after four years of inflation being well
above 2% and inflation actually having
moved up a bit in the last year. Um that
you are risking the inflation anchor uh
by cutting. But because the labor market
was deteriorating more rapidly and
because I think other members of the
committee got more confidence that the
tariffs weren't going to have as big an
effect and that it would be I hate to
use the word transitory um they got more
comfortable uh softening uh interest
rates to support the labor market.
And you know and this is a very it's a
fluid concept. Even market expectations
around how many times the Fed can
actually move on interest rates. Uh the
current pricing is between two two and a
half for this year. Two two and a half
cuts of 25 each. What do you think the
risk is to that number? Is it to the
upside or to the downside?
>> Well, you know, it just depends on how
strong of first half we get. There are
reasons to think that growth could
actually accelerate um in the first half
because of the tax cuts and because we
still have that really strong impetus
from AI related investment that has been
driving growth. And of course in the
third quarter, I don't expect this to be
true in the fourth quarter. Consumers
were quite resilient, but we're going to
get a bounce back in the first quarter
taking into account the shutdown, then
the tax cuts uh kicking in. So, um it's
quite reasonable to think that you may
see no cuts uh until the second half of
the year. And at that juncture, we'll
have a new Fed chair, presumably one
who's very much in line with the
president's thinking that we need more
cuts. Um but that new chair will have to
make the case uh to the other members
that those additional cuts are warranted
and it'll just depend on whether
inflation has peaked and is coming down
at that juncture.
I want to get your take too on really
the latest move from the Trump
administration to ban institutional
investors from buying single family
homes. I think it's in a way it seems
like the Trump administration is trying
to tackle the affordability issue. How
do you think that changes the calculus
for the Fed?
Well, look, I think this issue of
private equity investors coming in just
to a few markets in the US, but really
buying up a large number of single
family homes and converting them into
rentals, taking those single family
homes off the market for first-time
homeowners. That has been a longstanding
over the last several years concern of
Democrats and Republicans alike. Now,
banning that uh using executive
authority is quite a heavy-handed
regulatory move. So, uh there's been
legislative proposals. Um but this is uh
quite a heavy-handed move on the part of
the administration. Nonetheless, I think
it really speaks to the affordability
concerns on the part of many Americans
that home ownership is simply out of
sight. It won't be sufficient. Uh what
we really need in the United States is a
more supply of affordable homes of
entry-level homes and that's going to
require a real push uh from home
builders more favorable interest envir
interest rate environment but also more
tax incentives from the government.
I I I wonder is there there's there's
the affordability issue which is clear
that is is is present and felt by a
large part of the economy. What I'm
trying to wrap my head around is whether
or not that's actionable short term as
far as the Fed is concerned in terms of
them determining where the neutral rate
risk where policy should be.
>> Well, look, I think the Fed has a very
important role to play. They are uh
really the critical independent
institution when it comes to fighting
inflation, keeping inflation
expectations anchored at 2% and for that
their credibility is absolutely
essential. So for an administration uh
that should be focused on affordability
because this is the most important thing
for most Americans, they should not be
attacking the credibility of the Federal
Reserve. They should be supporting the
Federal Reserve's important role. But
much more is needed. Obviously, putting
tariffs on things like bananas and
coffee uh and chocolate when we don't
produce much of that in the United
States uh was a direct hit to consumers
pocketbooks. They need to be very
focused on electricity. the AI boom is
going to cause competition for
electricity in a lot of these markets
and uh it's critical for Americans that
uh the government actually help ensure
that electricity remains affordable uh
along with housing which we just talked
about.
>> Miss Bernard, you might not know this,
you probably don't know this, but you
just talked about my breakfast there
with with banana bananas and coffee. My
my team knows about that. Uh can I just
ask you a direct question though as it
pertains to political pressure and the
Fed? I in your view do you think the Fed
has lost perhaps two things separately?
A degree of autonomy and perhaps because
of that a degree of objectivity as it
pertains to decision-m
>> well I think that is certainly what is
at risk here and I just can't begin to
emphasize how important that is. The
Federal Reserve's independence is really
at the crux of its ability to keep
inflation down. It's also at the crux of
why global investors are so confident
normally holding dollars because the Fed
has a track record of institutional
independence certainly since the 80s of
keeping US inflation uh low and stable.
And that in turn means that Treasury
securities hold their value, dollars
hold their value. So a lot is on the
line here. And yes, the president has
taken unprecedented measures to put
pressure on the Fed, including for the
first time ever, firing or attempting to
fire a governor um without going through
an investigative process. And that's why
this Supreme Court case, we'll see
hearings on that January 21st, is so
crucial. If the Supreme Court doesn't uh
uphold that the Federal Reserve is
different from other independent
agencies and that you cannot fire
governors at will, um that would be a
major blow to uh inflation fighting
credibility in the United States.
>> Al Brainer, thank you so much. The
former Fed vice chair there joining us
from the sidelines of the Bank of
Singapore's annual 2026 outlook
conference. In terms of well 6 minutes
into the opening session here in China,
you take a look at what it's seeing and
it is a bit of a back step here once
again uh in this what has been a very
robust rally to start 2026 here. So
China X is also falling uh probably more
prominently than the rest of the onshore
benchmarks there. The CSI 300 is down
about half of 1%. You're seeing some of
these very hot commodities like copper
also coming off a little bit as well.
crude's coming out by close to 2% and
we're watching some of these big names
as well in the tech sector in Hong Kong.
uh just given what we've been seeing
here. uh what was you mentioned right it
hardware and commodities have been sort
of the very very hot hot hot sort of
sectors here and of course we still have
those three trading debuts here today uh
ZI and the like HSC is down 1% you're
seeing some losses here when it comes to
BU Alibaba 10centent maidto Xiaomi all
falling about 1 to 2% here this morning
uh and we are seeing still a slightly
closer to seven handle for dollar China
here so we have seen some uh lessening
in terms of the appreciation of late uh
let's take a look when it comes to some
stock movers here. Oil stocks are le in
favor. Uh we're watching very closely
here just given what we've been seeing
with the with with Venezuela and how the
US plans to at least control these
Venezuelan oil assets indefinitely. Uh
we're seeing this Costco shipping for
example is up some 5%. Uh but you take a
look when it comes to some of these
metal stocks, right? So we talk about
the amount of of of you know in terms of
copper, nickel, lithium. We saw open
interesters to a record amount of some
of at least six base metals uh in
Shanghai of lay here. So they're really
betting on the supply tightness that
we're seeing as well. So there you go.
You are seeing a mixed picture though
with Angan Steel and Enzing Mining here
today. But there you go. We have some
pretty good debuts here today in Hong
Kong. Zai, Illuvatar and Shenzhen. The
last two seen double digit gains.
>> Fantastic. Okay. You know what stock
that has seen a fantastic start to the
year? That's Hyundai Motor up until this
morning. I mean was up 15% midweek. So
we're down a little bit today. Three and
a half. There we go. Thank you so much.
Uh the first autonomous mobility robot
platform has won a top innovation award
at CES 2026 in Vegas. In fact, Sherry,
our colleague and co-anchor is there at
CES for us uh with the company's vice
president. Sherry,
>> yeah, with such bullish bets on the
robotics sector is a really big
achievement here at CES 2026 to have won
that award. And joining us now is
Tonging Hung, vice president and head of
robotics lab at Hyundai Motor. We're
really great to have you with us and
congratulations on the best of
innovation award this year.
>> We won.
>> Tell us a little bit about the Mobed
which is right now uh just below us uh
and we can show you that footage live
here at CES. What exactly is this
machine supposed to do?
>> To introduce MOAD, I really like to uh
talk about some story at the first time.
You know I studied lag globo previously
but a lot of people ask me to how to
make a long operation time energy
consumption less something like that and
then another thing is the there is
actually legal lobe has really strength
advantage strong advantage because you
know they can stabilize its body by
utilizing leg. So how to combine the
characteristics of leg robot and hill
robot because less energy consumption
right and then that is that lead the
mobile so we developed the mobile and
>> so I can see that the top is pretty flat
our viewers can watch it right there. So
this is also used for that last mile
delivery actually using it in real life
practices.
>> When are the deliveries expected? How
many are you expecting for this year? I
I I actually who knows the future but I
think in my opinion so they're going to
be occur soon because you know because
right now a lot of people is doing some
research for the autonomous driving with
some unique mechanism delivery robot
right for example mobile has some you
know strong advantage about some
stabilizing its base body and so it can
adapt to the local terrain in outdoors
right with some autonomous driving
algorithm it can deliver by itself to
some doortodoor delivery services. So
mobile has really you know smart
navigation algorithm powered by AI.
>> How many are you producing this year?
>> So four years actually you know in CES
2022 we unveiled the concept of mobile
right after that a lot of people asked
us to prepare for the mass production
about the mobile. So right now we
brought the MOAT that is the mass
production ready product right now. So
we have a plan to sell in the first
quarter of this year.
>> You already have these orders in. Yeah,
actually I we did and but you know I
it's kind of confidential but a lot of
people asked me to prepare for their
order and actually on the top of the
move there is some mounting lay that
means some payload can be attached to
the top of the moped so a lot of people
just you know add their own uh payload
to the mad for their each their own
purposes. So, it's like very adaptable
is your point, right? Um, that's the
point, right? We're seeing a lot of
gadgets and a lot of innovation here at
CES. The question is, will this really
make it in practical real life
situations?
>> When you compare what Hyundai is doing,
what South Korean robotics is doing, how
does it stack up in the global race in
this sector, especially against perhaps
the Chinese? Yeah, actually Chinese
company has really large size of market.
So that is definitely really strong
point. Also you recently you know there
are a lot of great research about the
AI. So that kind of thing makes some
average level of AI. So a lot of
engineer can apply uh some AI
application with some tool for the AI.
So that kind of thing makes some stand
up really high. So Chinese company looks
like really promising right now. But I
can't dare say a lot of people know how
to do that. But we still we have to find
some application or successful story
with robotics solutions. So I I think
it's a open question yet. So we the
engineer and entrepreneur have to you
know try our best right now to open the
market right now.
>> Are we going towards a trend of
humanoids which is another big buzz
right now and even Hyundai's Boston
Dynamics unit just released the Atlas
humanoid robot. Are you collaborating
with Boston Dynamics at all or does
robotics lab have plans for a humanoid?
>> Mhm. Yeah. So engineer as a engineer I
think technology have to flow to each
other. So we share the under under the
the level of some research side. So we
just share the technology and sometime
we learn from the B sometimes also we
let the B sometime know our strength. So
but you know our target market is
different and and regard to humanoid I
think you know basically you know the
first problem is mobility second problem
is manipulation. the mobility plus
manipulation can be humanoid right but
right now I think in the research level
we have to go along long way because you
a lot of people expect the humanoid can
do everything but as a engineer that
kind of thing will happen someday
because a lot of engineer try their best
right including me but you know
technology you know improve continuously
and then we just follow state of the art
right now but someday Hey humanoid can
do work there you know just a task I
think
>> is it more feasible then what say
chairman Chongison was talking about
when he visited Samsung and then he was
talking about the cleaning robots and
how he thinks that he can combine it
with mobile for example to even make
them better how would that look like
>> I I think it is really interesting
project because basically robotics is
you know kind of interdisiplinary
project so I think we have to try
combine
every technology for each application.
So cleaning is really interesting
project I think because you know in case
of the Korea we have a really serious
social problem such as labor shortage
right so we can just you know replace
the shortage of the lab labor with
lowest technology for example cleaning
is really interesting right nobody want
to just clean the loom continuously
right
>> yes especially if you're elderly and you
actually need help so that is very
important in terms of robotics and where
hyund the uh robotics lab wants to go.
Uh Tongyong, vice president and head of
robotics lab at Hyundai Motor Group.
Great to have you with us with your
award and congratulations on that. Back
to you guys in the studio.
>> Thank you. Fantastic. Yeah, there we go.
Uh they they won. Uh if you are a
subscriber and you want to rewatch that
interview, including of course that not
so not so veiled hint that they did win
start of the interview. If you just want
[music] to scroll back to that TV go is
the function you run. You can also be
part of the conversation. Send us
instant messages, [music] suggestions,
and questions for our guests. Coming up,
lots more, of course, on deck here today
on our program. Check it [music] out. TV
go. And oh, there's Sherry. Okay. And
that's the crew. This is Bloomberg.
[music]
Welcome back. You're watching the China
Show. The co-founder and chairman of one
of the companies [music] that is
debuting here in Hong Kong today, that's
ZAI, says US developers may succumb to
the same price-based competition that's
actually forced Chinese AI companies to
actually uh forego their profits. Uh
speaking exclusively to Bloomberg, Leo
Ding uh also explained the reasoning
behind taking the company public.
We've had some plans for going public
since quite early on. Our R&D
investments in foundation models and the
following commercialization strategy
were essentially preparations for an
IPO. We started some initial work since
last year.
Now we achieved the IPO this year.
That's more about following the natural
progression of steps.
How do you plan to spend the money that
you've raised through the IPO process?
Where do you see it going? Mostly
>> the fundraising amount for the IPO is
planned based on the company's
development strategy. There's two major
segments. R&D for foundation models and
the following commercialization
strategy. [clears throat]
70% of the IPO funds will be allocated
to R&D for foundation models which
includes the development of a universal
foundation model, the currently highly
anticipated intelligence agents and
multimodal systems.
About 10% of the funds will be allocated
to commercial infrastructure supporting
the foundation model. This includes
developing inference tools and models as
a service. Additionally, a portion of
the funds will be allocated to ecosystem
partnerships, and some funds will cover
operational expenses or general
corporate purposes.
>> It's been said, for instance, that
something that that Anthropic might
charge $200 for ZAI, for instance, would
be looking at at 200 yuan. So, it's
obviously priced a lot less than what
you see in the US. But how does that
impact your your margins? And also, how
does that impact your path to
profitability as a business?
We believe that based on the overall
trend, the price for mass will continue
to fall gradually because we think it
should be an infrastructure for the
entire society. At the same time, for
AI, for example, the compute costs
should also be gradually decreasing. We
see this trend very clearly. For
instance, in our current coding plan,
the price of compute power for a coding
API is about onetenth of clouds. While
our performance can reach 90%.
This makes us more competitive and
benefits more users.
>> And that was the ZAI chairman Leo Deing
speaking to Bell there of course about
their trading debut here. Some other
corporate stories that we're watching
for you today. Hong Kong's financial
secretary Paul Chan has told local media
that IPO fundraising for this year is
likely to [music] exceed 2025. And
that's as geopolitical tensions drive
Chinese firms to list the city over US
markets. [music] Speaking with the Hong
Kong Economic Times, Chan also said the
risk of widespread defaults among small
and medium-sized developers [music]
remains very slim. AI startup Anthropic
is said to be raising a new round of
funding that would value the company at
$350 billion. Sources [music] say the
cloud chatbot developer expects diseeks
to raise 10 billion in the round. And
we're [music] told that Singapore's
sovereign wealth fund and code
management plan to lead the financing
with Microsoft and Nvidia also [music]
expected to participate. All right, look
at Asian markets as we go into that
lunch break here. Right now, we are
seeing a bit of retreat here across of
course uh we're going to China there
with onshore and offshore off. Hangen is
down about [music] 1%. This is
Bloomberg.
All
right. Uh we're just looking at some of
the semis equipment names. Uh some of
which are still moving to the upside. Uh
although the benchmark uh there we go on
the screen. The sub index uh is still
trading to the upside. You do have some
names of course doing the lifting today.
The four in your screens have done the
lifting of late. uh done substantial
gains and not exactly we're seeing a
sell off. It looks like in fact we're
reversing some of the earlier uh
weakness there. Pharma stocks have been
in focus on the up uh in recent days. I
think still are up. Uh there we go. It's
really been a very it was a fantastic
2025 of course and it does seem of
course that is set to continue given
some of the rhetoric and announcements
or pronouncements rather that have come
out so far uh out of industry chatter
early in the year. uh defense stocks in
focus not just in China right but in
China of course for similar reasons uh
when you look at what's happening though
and I should call attention to likes of
Korea where you have Hanwa aerospace and
these others ones as well Oz and Japan
uh on the back of uh moves overnight in
the US around their defense sector okay
um we've been looking at the onshore
markets very closely and this is one
really uh quite telling metric that
things have come alive substantially in
the early goingings of this here. 2.8
trillion was a turnover on Wednesday,
short of that the day before. So, we're
tracking that very closely going into
the session today. We're now currently
at 740 [music]
uh billion so far. So, which is quite
substantial already for this time of the
session.
>> Yeah, we have coming up much more when
it comes to not just markets, but also
talking AI commodities with Tawa Wang
from Fidelity and Paul Mack on FX from
HSBC.
>> [music]
>> Welcome back to the China show. Here's a
look at the HSI half hour into the
session. And yeah, on these kind of
cold, frigid days, you take a look at
what it comes to the the heat in this
market has been taking off a little bit
as well. For another day, we're down
about 1% on the hang tank here. Eight
shares also down about 9/10en of 1%. Uh
you start to see maybe some geopolitics
are emerging. Maybe there's just you
know this robust rally we've seen just
what 8 days into the the new year may
have gone a bit too far too fast. So we
are seeing a little bit of another pause
uh in this equity rally here once again.
>> Yeah. Like like you and me investors
might be getting some cold feet
literally. I cannot feel my toes.
>> It's it feels like another what 5° today
I think.
>> Yeah.
>> It's
>> I'm bringing the UGG boots out.
>> But but here's the thing
>> on set too. I demand it.
>> Are you okay? Okay. I was about looking
[laughter] looking underneath the hood.
But for people who are looking at the
temperature and doing a good there,
Ivonne and David are complaining again
and see oh it's not that cold. It is
actually you you need to understand you
need to come to Hong Kong to actually
feel it feels uh there's almost a
multiplier effect.
>> There's no insulation in the buildings
though. That that's the thing.
>> We don't have heating here. That's
right. That's right.
>> Yeah.
>> Um
>> anyways,
>> we need to stop complaining. We're sore
[laughter] sore complainers now. IPO.
>> Uh where we have heating though is in in
the IPO market which has been
>> still hot. Uh some of the price action
we've come off to the point we were just
making coming off highs at these levels
uh already the three trading debuts
today. U speaking of some of the
buzzwords. So we're looking at Samsung
of course came out with prelim earnings
I believe at 20 billion on we'll get
more on the 20 billion profit record
profits. Um and all but I think they're
also breaking down the numbers in a
couple of weeks. 29th I think is when
they're coming out with a with a
breakdown of the number.
>> Yeah. I mean you're still seeing growth
of what 200 north of 200%. And and you
know thanks to these memory chip prices
that continue to be rising. So that
certainly is helping the likes of
Samsung. SKHIX though is up some 5% once
again. SMIC is worth to watch as well.
We're up close to 4% in Hong Kong.
Morgan Stanley saying it's their top
pick when it comes to the key enabler of
China's AI localization.
So uh they see continued strong demand
despite memory capacity expansion among
other players as well. Of course we talk
about Nvidia H200 and the like.
>> Yeah, that remains uh their topic in the
market, right? Let's let's pivot back
and have a look at Samsung, right?
Because that has really carried the the
the mantle in recent days that and of
course Hyundai and of course last year
was SKH Highex that it's just all to say
we have really seen a lot of pillars of
support for the Cosby index which I can
just tell you out of just curiosity uh
the index has actually now doubled from
the low that we hit just in April of of
of last year. Now these numbers of
course fourth quarter prelim numbers
soaring I think more than tripled uh you
have surging global AI demand uh this
comeback of of of memory uh let's bring
in Yukim Lee our Asia stocks reporter to
help us understand the numbers so what
did the company report specifically and
what's the what what's the what's the
bigger context here
>> yeah so the bigger context here is that
the memory chip demand is like so strong
and maybe it might even be stronger than
people have expected so if you look at
the Samsung's earnings estimate in the
last few weeks, it was the the company
that saw the sharpest earnings estimate
revision upward among its peers and and
if you look at the Samsung share price
this morning, it was a little bit down
at the open, but you saw the buyers
piling into quickly that sending the
Samsung shares up more than 2% at the
moment. Um, and I think one thing um
that investors might be asking
themselves is do you have enough of
Samsung shares? It's not a matter of
whether you want to sell this on the
possible AI bubble or whether you want
to buy something else. But I think one
analyst was telling me that he was
asking his clients um whether you have
enough of the member chip stocks such as
Samsung and SK Heinik. So the two 20
trillion one operating profit for the
quarter was huge and a city just
estimate eight uh 17 trillion one likely
came from memory chips. So uh this
membership uh demand is seems to be a
lot stronger than people have projected.
>> Yeah, it seems like you know you can't
get enough of it. It seems like from
what the you've been talking to people
about. So great stuff. Thank you for
summing that up for us and certainly
that is why we are seeing maybe some
gains now after being fluctuating
between gains and losses for Samsung
here. Uh but yeah, what a comeback story
really for the stock itself more than
doubled as well similar to what we've
been seeing in the costby. uh our our
Asia stocks reporter Yoko Lee there
joining us out of Seoul.
>> Yeah. Uh let's talk more about the AI
theme and what that means this year. Has
anything really changed? Uh here on set
with us is Taja Wang, portfolio manager
at Fidelity. Happy new year.
>> Happy new year. Good morning.
>> Has has anything changed with AI from
your thesis that you've laid out quite
nicely last year?
>> Um not in I think the big picture
directional uh lens. I think a the uh
the AI theme is still best played in my
opinion through you know AI tech mainly
the semiconductor side of it uh as well
as the uh the commodity side of it. So
in the new year continue to see AI and
commodities uh these two themes that are
very powerful they have lasting power
and they are very actually are very
interconnected as two investment themes.
It seems like what's dominated a bit
more this year, I mean it's only been 8
days, but [laughter] it has been the IT
hardware side versus the software. Is
the playbook still more towards the IT
hardware?
>> I think so. I think fundamentally
there's greater mode. Um and there is
also um and there's still the
existential debate wi within the
software space as you know whether the
existing model they charge usually by
seat and we see the number of seat as in
the number of tech workers in you know
predominantly the US are not increasing
because there is a hiring sort of
effective freeze in a lot of companies
because of the AI you know changes that
are prompting company to rethink how
they hire. So the fact that companies
investing a lot more mainly into
machines and you know physical sort of
uh setup to support AI and hiring fewer
people has really you know wide sort of
uh uh implications for the entire
sectors.
>> What do you think about valuations in
the US specifically?
>> In the US I I mean I think so far
they're still very much being supported
by earnings but you know sometimes it's
a confidence game. You know can you know
the circular investment that people have
over exuberant at this point is my
question.
>> I don't think they're necessarily over
exuberant per se. I think um famous last
words. Uh but I do think the underlying
technology is still strong. The long
underlying commercialization effort is
still strong. you asked the question
specifically for us and I think that's
sort of very interesting because there's
something going on with China as well
and the the meta manus deal that has
happened you know sort of in the last
two days of uh the previous year I think
it's something that is quite significant
and its significance is beyond its sort
of reported two billion price tag which
is a relatively small price tag in you
know sort of the grand AI scheme these
days
>> you mentioned it's like a new operating
model I think It is a new it points to a
new operating model in a new in this
current global AI race. Number one, the
global top VCs are back with the Chinese
founders. You know, last few years, it's
really been sort of a VC winter for
Chinese founders, Chinese companies, and
they're they're coming back. The global
investors are coming back and it's, you
know, being led by one of the most pre
prestigious uh US VC companies.
Secondly, those Chinese companies being
a very young Chinese company is being
acquired for not for access to the
Chinese market but for globally
competitive technology and they're
competing head-on with you know
>> the company too.
>> Yes. Yes. And now there it's getting
plugged into one of the biggest you know
technology platform in the world. So
that is the technical sort of the
technological competitiveness of it. And
then the third part of it, I think this
story really highlights to us that the
AI talent, the flow of AI talent is
really very fluid and very dynamic.
People often like to think about it as
you know the US China AI race or you
know the Google versus Amazon kind of
you know AI race but it's really I think
the global AI race is very multiaceted.
So you you know the the the the flow of
talent the just like the flow of money
and knowledge and information should be
viewed as fluid and dynamic and that
really has I think I think it really
points to more crisscross you know
across the border across technology
>> uh across
people from different backgrounds to to
compete in this AI race. So I think if
if some of our viewers have been
following the show and some of our
interviews, right? Last year you talked
about nuclear and the reason I bring
that up is you know people have been
trying to figure out if you can't buy
>> the hyperscalers you broaden out to the
periphery right how do we power this
thing
>> that's energy
>> um how do we cool the data centers the
cooling stocks right the reason I bring
up the latter too is I think it was
yesterday out of CES some of the cooling
related stocks
>> dropped because of an announcement from
from Nvidia
>> and it seems the technology technology
is moving quickly that some of the
assumptions get dated
>> and I wonder whether or not people are
investors are looking are spreading the
net too wide.
>> Okay.
>> Not really understanding how that might
look in 12 months time. In other words,
is is the pool of AI winners more narrow
than we actually think? Are are we are
we are we
>> branching out too far?
>> Are we branching out too far?
>> I see your point. Um
I think the short answer is no. M
>> um I think AI has the technological core
to it but it has
immense demand for physical resources to
for it to operate in the physical world
and that is that means that we cannot
that means the opportunity sets are not
just limited to the traditional tech
space and it has to it has to have
significant ramification in companies
and sectors that are that has to do with
the physical resource space. Now because
of this is a rapidly changing technology
the certain specification of that
technology can change which results in
variation of that demand to physical
resource and as a result to something
relatively niche like you know cooling
heating or whatever that temperature
management demand can change because of
you know certain technological change
but then the fact is if you take a big
step forward sorry if you take a big
step back
>> the AI demand grows exponentially
because it's driven by technology tends
to move in exponential ways. So the
demand on physical resources also move
exponentially but physical resources to
build up that physical capabilities that
supply tends to grow linearly. Now you
have exponential demand meeting linear
growing uh supply and that I think is
the fundamental thesis for being bullish
on
physical resources including you know
commodities including you know nuclear
energy including copper which is so
incredibly important as a you know um uh
as a as a new you seem very bullish ta I
mean is there anything that you see I
mean whether it's people saying is this
a bubble the amount of debt that would
need to be required to the money that
used to be raised to fund all this. Is
there anything in the radar that
concerns you that you know if and when
this bubble pops
>> that you would you know tap out? I mean
at what point are we going to see that
you think and what would it be that
would concern you?
>> Red flags
>> um financial I I think cash flow is
always an important thing. I mean
because the the fundamentals are still
growing. What would make the music stop
>> would be sort of you know liquidity
being drained out of the system and it
could be I mean so far we see you know
most of these companies are still very
much being able to fund their you know
growth with operating cash flow but it
could be you know at some point there's
too much debt too much um sort of shadow
banking you know private debt has been
you know people have had some concerns
so liquidity um is a key sort of uh key
key catalyst and you user uh you know
user adoption. Yeah, I think if the
moment you start to see user adoption,
you know, start to to inflct.
>> What about capex and a a small change in
capex spend? Because that's the first
thing people point to as that might
actually push some over some over the
edge. Would that would that scare you?
>> You mean the capex increase or decrease?
>> A cap a small capex decrease among say
the mag seven.
>> Um yes, I think that would essentially
you have to understand why are they not
spending because
um they see the demand dropping. Are
they not spending because their capital
liquidity constrainted? Are they not
spending because the technology has
gotten efficient? Now they can do more
with less money. So I think the the the
the reason also matters and but I think
frankly I think the market is also
nervous about capus overspending. That's
why I ask you you know are am I worried
about you don't so I think
>> this is AI and related physical resource
commodity demand are big long-term
trend. Uh, so I think it's equally
dangerous to to leave the game too
early. Yeah.
>> As it is to leave the game too late.
>> Is there still that preference for North
Asia for you then when you're talking
about some of these AI themes?
>> Uh, in my case, not necessarily, but I,
you know, my peers might have different
uh, you're looking everywhere.
>> I am looking globally. [laughter] Yes.
>> All right. For the best opportunities.
>> Yes. Ta. Thank you. Tasha Wayne there,
portfolio manager at Fidelity. Uh, still
ahead on the China show, HSBC [music]
gives its outlook on the FX markets. Of
course, as traders way mix eco data, the
impact on the Fed's rate path. We're
going [music] to have Paul Mack joining
us pretty soon. This is Bloomberg.
[music]
Right, welcome [music] back. Uh, the
winners are clear and the losers are as
well. Perhaps more on the winner side
here of what's the developments which
we'll get to in a moment here between
China and and and Japan. The first two
on your screens are Chinese makers. Uh,
the bottom two, of course, are the
opposite side of that trade. And
certainly the story here is Beijing
launching this anti-dumping
investigation into a key chipmaking
material from Japan. It's a further
escalation of their diplomatic dispute
and it does come a day after Tokyo then
said told Beijing that it for imposing
new export controls. They oppose that
out of the Tokyo side. Joining us here
on set to help us make sense of where we
are exactly in this very fluid story,
Stephen Angel, our chief North Asia
correspondent.
>> Yeah. So we have to put into our lexicon
now dicchloro siline. Oh, I even Yeah.
Dchloroyline
DCS, let's just call it DCS. DCS is
easier. So, essentially that's a
chemical that Japan sort of dominates to
a certain degree. Shinetsu chemical was
the company you see uh that was up on
your screen. Uh they are the largest
maker of the ultra high purity uh DCS uh
and they do ship to China. So again,
this is another sort of uh salvo from
Beijing in their ongoing um battle, if
you will, against the comments that were
made uh by Takiichisan, the prime
minister of Japan, of course, at the end
of last year, essentially saying that
any invasion of uh Taiwan would be a
survival threatening situation for
Japan. And we all know about the various
moves that have been made. And also,
let's face it, Tokyo's uh reluctance, if
you will, to apologize or to retract uh
those comments from Takiichan. So, this
is in addition this week to those export
controls on dual use items that China uh
essentially sells to Japan that could be
used for military purposes. I think 42%
of Japan's imports from China uh could
be classified broadly as dual use. So
for military or for civilian or
commercial use uh also Japan basically
relies on China for 70% of its rare
earth import. So what Beijing really is
doing is looking at where the levers of
you know leverage uh they can employ
against Japan much like they did with
the United States in the trade war which
led to export control and really really
difficult licensing processes for
certain rare earths needed in the the
tech supply chain as well as uh rare
earth magnets and the like. So I think
they're just copying the playbook
because they have that leverage.
>> They have that tool.
>> Yeah. uh which a lot of people I think
last year said they could use it again,
right? And it brings it back to what we
saw a few months ago when President
Trump said, you know, he settled this
whole rare earth issue. Yeah.
>> For the world uh after that truce with
China. Where do you think the US stands
now? It seems like he's really test
China is really testing the US's support
for one of its closest allies, Japan.
Now,
>> absolutely. and sort of the the quiet
nature of the Donald Trump
administration on this front sort of is
indicative of what probably is happening
behind the scenes and I'm speculating
here and that is don't rock the boat too
much Japan because again they had that
hard fought I wouldn't call it a victory
but the truce uh where they got the the
the log jam if you will of export
controls and licensing process sort of
cleared and the US supply chain of these
rare Earth's which are critical to the
US supply chain in the tech world uh is
on better footing than it was 9 months
ago obviously now Japan is industrial
Japan is going to be faced with this as
well. So how much support when push
comes to shove if this goes on for
another year or 6 months or whatever and
more pillars of Japanese industry are
targeted where will the United States
come uh in support of Japan or will they
that's the
>> Steve thank you Stephen Angel there our
chief North Asia correspondent and the
latest of course uh those tensions
between China and Japan are also top of
mind when it comes to what we're hearing
from our columnist as well you should
check out David Fickling's column uh you
know he's been talking about you know
Beijing might have overplayed its hand
when it comes to where earth his sort of
argument is this is going just to get
the rest of the world to really start
ramping up their own you know
self-sufficiency when it comes to these
set of critical minerals as well. So you
know did they reach too far is certainly
one question that we're uh asking here
today sociers can really check it out on
the terminal or online at bloomberg.com.
>> Yeah. Okay. Uh, in other geopolitical
news here, the Trump administration says
it plans to control future sales of
Venezuelan oil and hold the [music]
proceeds in well then in US accounts.
Now, the statement from the energy
secretary Chris Wright [music] is the
clear signal yet uh on Washington's
strategy to control Venezuela's most
valuable resource. Now, separately,
President Trump says Venezuela will buy
only Americanmade products using the
revenue from 50 million barrels of oil
that it is then sending to the United
States.
They are essentially controlling how,
you know, it's being sold, where it's
being sold to. Um the the key question
of course is this line that we heard
just this week about they want Venezuela
to sever ties with the likes of China
which has been a key Venezuelan oil
importer and also you know when it comes
to the credit creditor right um but is
this a new front as we say that Trump is
you know when it comes to the credit
creditor right
>> um but is this a new front as we say
that Trump is having with China in the
Americas now this whole donor doctrine
as he calls it uh you know is it in some
way changing the whole spheres influence
in some way. I think it's it's quite
interesting that this is where we're
seeing it all now play out in the
Western Hemisphere.
>> Yeah. And you know, and the bill that
you know, the cost that China might face
to
perhaps not engage, right? So, we talk
about how it's the biggest creditor to
Venezuela might not be as big as most
people think, right? So,
>> um you know, the I there's a fantastic
piece right now in the terminal that
talks about how when thing when the flow
actually peaked, right? It was I think
the year before Maduro took office and
since then of course while we are still
seeing of course positive inflows on
many fronts they weren't quite at the
same magnitude that they were going into
that peak year.
>> Yeah. You see it when it comes
investments into the country from China
that has also dwindled uh in the last 10
years or or since 2020 really things
have started to really collapse. Uh
they're still as you say the largest
buyer of Venezuelan crude. But you when
you look at bilateral trade though that
that basically has peaked the year
before Maduro took power. So it it seems
like even the loan situation and how
much they're willing to really loan to
Venezuela that's also tapering off since
2012. So the headlines and what you see
you know of obviously Maduro called it a
perfect union with China underneath the
hood. Perhaps things are looking a
little bit more frail than we think
economically.
>> Yeah. Not as not as closely tied. Uh
what what we've yet to see though is the
certainly the the financial obligations
that you know I think a few days ago
they still owe right we talked about how
China was asking its banks to have a
look at the books and maybe see how much
they're exposed as far as that's
concerned. It's an ongoing story uh
fantastic piece we can recommend that
David Fickling's column plus of course
the story we just showed you there on
your screens. We will leave you with a
look at markets FX markets at that
specifically [music] dollar slightly bid
uh as you will see very shortly. There
we go on your screens. We'll continue
the conversation on FX shortly. This is
the China show.
All right, check in the movers here
today. Watching computing [music] stocks
out of China. So, you are seeing quite a
rally here when it likes to Cameron
Tech, uh, Hube, Chowojo Aviation, Tech
and the like. So, there's this sort of
plan from the government to boost
supply. So that certainly is helping
some of these names like Meta X today up
6 and a.5%.
>> Uh we're also looking at battery related
stocks. About a few minutes ago, this
headline dropped that China was holding
a meeting on the battery industry. Since
that point in time, a couple more
headlines have have have have uh come to
yeah have become public here. So well a
couple of things, right? So it looks to
be number one uh this is an exercise to
optimize battery production capacity
management. Uh they'll also be looking
at enhancing inspection of battery
prices, strengthening regulation,
enhanced market supervision in that
meeting with a battery companies. Not a
lot of market reaction, I can tell you
at this point in time. So it's
everything from of course the battery
makers and of course the the [music] raw
mat that goes into that things like
lithium as a good example. Okay. Uh we
will take a short break and [music] see
you on the other side of it.
11:29 a.m. in Tokyo. Japanese markets
are heading to that lunch break and
right now we are seeing red arrows
across the board when it comes to
equities. So the NECA is down 610 of 1%.
A lot of the big moves have been some of
the big names like Soft Bank and the
like. You add the China Japan tensions
that seems to have escalated now once
again and that's still weighing on this
equity market. Yen's a little bit weaker
around the 156 157 sort of level there
and JGBs are slightly bit up here. We're
down two basis points for your 10-year
yield.
>> Yeah, that's that's been a fairly
consistent move uh over the last few
let's call it 12 hours or so uh all the
way back to the close of Asia yesterday.
So, yields down, stocks down. Dollar is
somewhat catching a mod I was going to
say moderate mild is perhaps the the
more apt uh description here. Uh coming
up on your screens, Bloomberg Dollar
Index as you can see 1208 uh sector
breakdown in the equity markets is let's
call it let's call it flat to the
downside because of some of the heavily
weighted stocks but in terms of market
breath this one looks actually more even
more stocks down though just in absolute
terms in absolute numbers but yeah um
we're still trying to figure out so the
AI conversations really made itself felt
quite strongly in the first half the
first few days of this year commodities
is part of that as Taang was pointing
out the Fed and macro and monetary
policy not so much just yet.
>> Yeah, we're still waiting for what a new
Fed chair announcement of course and
whether you know the FOMC can continue
cutting that's still going to be a key
question as well. We did speak with the
former Federal Reserve vice chair La
Brainer this morning and she thinks the
central bank's independence is key to
keeping global investors confident in
the dollar. We spoke with her earlier
and her thoughts on the Fed's decision
last month to cut rates.
Well, I certainly think that the Federal
Reserve uh made the right call uh
starting in August to focus on the labor
market. You know, we saw uh five months
in a row uh the unemployment rate
ticking up, the job market had uh slowed
and also the tariff impact was somewhat
more moderate than many had feared. And
those things together made sense to do
some insurance cuts. They did three cuts
in a row. Uh but as you know from the
minutes and from a lot of the remarks
that some of the reserve bank presidents
in particular have given since then it
was a finally balanced decision. And so
uh I think a large number of the
committee are going to want uh unless
the data really deteriorates uh
dramatically are going to want to be on
hold for at least a meeting maybe two
meetings while they observe how the
economy is progressing.
And between inflation and the labor
market, since we, you know, we're
looking at data now, which of the two do
you think currently holds more weight as
far as decision-making is concerned?
>> I think the labor market uh is the focal
point for uh the majority on the FOMC.
Again, the unemployment rate has ticked
up. It's now at 4.6%.
We'll know more tomorrow uh when we get
uh that December payrolls number with a
unemployment rate uh and that is going
to be very carefully scrutinized. The
last set of data was not very good
because of the shutdown. Also, we've had
a lot of government workers coming off
of government payrolls during this time.
So, uh tomorrow's print on unemployment
is going to be very carefully
scrutinized. I think if you saw a uh
jump up in the unemployment rate, it
would put a cut uh back in play, but so
far we've seen data from ADP and also
from job openings, layoffs uh that
suggests that the labor market continues
softening but is holding.
>> U can I just ask you a direct question
though as it pertains to political
pressure on the Fed? I it in your view
do you think the Fed has lost perhaps
two things separately a degree of
autonomy and perhaps because of that a
degree of objectivity as it pertains to
decision-m
>> well I think that is certainly what is
at risk here and I just can't begin to
emphasize how important that is the
Federal Reserve's independence is really
at the crux of its ability to keep
inflation down it's also at the crux of
why global investors are so confident
normally ally holding dollars because
the Fed has a track record of
institutional independence certainly
since the 80s of keeping US inflation uh
low and stable and that in turn means
that Treasury securities hold their
value, dollars hold their value. So, a
lot is on the line here. And yes, the
president has taken unprecedented
measures to put pressure on the Fed,
including for the first time ever firing
or attempting to fire a governor um
without going through an investigative
process. And that's why this Supreme
Court case, we'll see hearings on that
January 21st, is so crucial. If the
Supreme Court doesn't uh uphold that the
Federal Reserve is different from other
independent agencies and that you cannot
fire governors at will, um that would be
a major blow to uh inflation fighting
credibility in the United States.
>> That was the former Fed's vice chair and
former White House National Economic
Council Director Le Brener there. Uh
Stephen Myron, Fed Governor joined uh
will be joining Bloomberg surveillance
later of course today of course and we
know of course the the call he's making
as far as the not just lower rates but
much lower rates of course and uh
they'll be also discussing of course Jay
Powell his term ends in a couple of
months. So that's coming up on the times
uh at the times on your screens as yeah
stay tuned for that Fed conversation.
>> Yeah. What does it mean for the dollar?
Right. Um with the new Fed chair, when
you talk about the division among the
Fed FOMC members there as well,
>> how you know delvish can this FOMC be in
2026? HSBC says the dollar US dollar is
meant to stay soft this year. But the
way markets are pricing in their
expectations of Fed cuts may actually
help stabilize the US currency. And
against that backdrop, the bank remains
constructive when it comes to latam
while acknowledging noise from
geopolitics among its other calls. Let's
bring in HSBC's global head of FX
research Paul Mel joining us on set and
welcome back to Hong Kong. I know you
just moved back relocated. So great to
have you back here. It's nice to be back
>> in the region. Your outlook for the
dollar sir. It seems to be interchanging
here depending what we see with the Fed
too. What's the call for this year?
>> Absolutely. Well, I mean, you spelled it
out very well what we're thinking, but
it's a view that we've had for a good
number of months that this dollar
softness is is going to be ongoing. And
what's driving that is ultimately the
Fed still has an easing bias and there's
no fear of the Fed in financial markets
that they're going to be rushing to
change TAC and shift to a hawkish type
of stance anytime soon. So, when we have
that backdrop, that spells relief for
many other currencies primarily in the
emerging world. Then also we have to
think about those stories where central
banks are on the cusp to raising
interest rates this year and and that's
very much driving our preferences in
2026.
>> Yeah. You know when you look at
consensus and I think we were chatting
during the break right consensus on the
Fed will cut rates that the person that
will replace Jay Powell will likely be a
dove. Among the those and many other
assumptions which do you think the
market should be paying attention to
that might not be the case this year?
What's the risk? Well, the risk is uh I
mean it's not our view, but the risk to
the view would be what if the Fed chair
is not as doubbish as what financial
markets are currently thinking because
at the end of the day the economy is
still seemingly holding up quite well.
Inflation could be on the stickier side.
We know the one big beautiful bill is
kicking in. Uh what if this new chair
turns out to be more orthodox and as I
said not as doubbish that would be a big
surprise in the currency market. So,
what do you think is going to be driving
FX more? I mean, is it still going to be
rate differentials? Is it still, you
know, you talked about equities also
really kind of driving a lot of the
moves that we're seeing in currencies
now, too?
>> Look, it's a great question. And if you
go back to what happened through a good
part of last year, the relationship
between exchange rates and well, rate
differentials uh was was weak. It was it
broke down. But what was driving that uh
decorrelation of sorts because policy
uncertainty was so high. But if it turns
out that uh policy uncertainty is still
on the lower side, it gives room for the
tra traditional drivers to matter more
and that's the rate differential
argument. So I'm banking on that still
holding up being the dominant force for
at least major currencies. Not every one
of them works in that
>> environment like the yen is clearly not.
Yeah,
>> we'll leave that one aside for the
second.
But just to get back to the point, I do
think it's going to be very much about
the Fed at least for the next few
months.
>> And the the equity market performance
component as it pertains to driving
performance in FX markets. Do you think
that continues and how does it manifest
the most? Where does it manifest the
most this year? If it does
>> so a absolutely we have to think about
like our framework and it relies on very
basic needs to identify which currencies
we like. And if you have a benign
dollar, this soft dollar backdrop that's
feeding into relatively loose financial
conditions whether globally but also in
the US. So in your context of risk
appetite being buoyant and the equity
markets holding up
>> again that tells me that we should be
looking towards the riskier complex uh
in in the currency market and that's
been in the emerging world. Not
everything ticks the right boxes but
also as I said at the opposite end of
the uh spectrum those places where
central banks perhaps need to start
raising interest rates like in Australia
or New Zealand. these this is the frame
that framework that we're approaching
with
>> and what has surprised a lot of us is
this rally in the remn and to what
extent do that could be an anchor for
for the emerging world and and really
kind of drive this EM
so if it's strengthening gradually we
have to look at that as a net positive
okay there's there's there's no question
but I think we haven't disagreed with
the direction of travel so this uh
outperformance uh makes sense to us and
if you overlay what I've just been
saying about the soft dollar then you
have to assume that this gradual
appreciation can continue. I think the
real then you have to assume that this
gradual appreciation can continue. I
think the real test could be after the
lunar new year holiday. So if this
appreciation continues thereafter
>> then it could begin to change
expectations that are we looking at
something even more meaningful more
powerful for the currency in terms of
strength
>> is that do you think the market's
looking ahead and I mean rates markets
look at the yield right I know it's
absolute basis 10ear yield in China at
1.9 is low but we've been you know
slowly testing that upside you know
swaps markets are showing the 5year and
one year that inflation might be coming
back do you think the market's somewhat
pricing a recovery in China this year
and do you think that means a stronger
currency make sense.
>> I think I mean the way to approach it is
is to assume that there's going to be
stability. I mean if there's going to be
some softness I mean some of the
activity indicators have been on the
soft side lately that there could be
more stimulus
>> and so there's there's a floor in in in
that sense. Okay. But but overall I
think we have to step back and what's
influencing the remain uh having this
degree of resilience is what I've been
emphasizing on the dollar in a soft
dollar world then this currency too
should also be holding up even if the
yields are relatively low.
>> I'm going to ask you a longer term
question just given this whole
dolization theme that that played out
last year. the the situation of
Venezuela really shows the US is really
kind of changing the whole world order
in this whole spheres of influence given
you know getting access to Venezuelan
oil assets and kind of controlling where
things go. You know you have some
analysts saying this is going to really
dent be a setback for the
internationalization of the ran for
example just [clears throat] given the
the it might impact uh how much oil they
can get from Venezuela for example and
the resources that they get. How do you
see geopolitics playing into the whole
dullarization thing? Do you think it
actually speeds it up or the opposite?
>> Look, I mean, right now uncertainties
are elevated because it's a different uh
it's a different narrative compared to
what we were obsessed with in 2025,
which was trade policy and trade policy
uncertainty.
>> But like I think the evidence around
ddollarization wasn't very strong last
year. I mean, even at the the the peak I
was I wouldn't say euphoria, but peak
scare of it in the second quarter, it
turned out to be a nothing burger. True.
>> So, I'm a little bit skeptical of it.
You know, what will ultimately matter
for the dollar's longerterm view is the
willingness for investors to put money
into its capital markets and probably
the yield, what the Fed does over time.
>> That's a good reminder. I almost forgot
about that. There was a point last year
when people were talking about are
treasuries still safe to buy and own.
Remember that. Yeah, we're reminding
about So, but just to continue the
conversation and I can our producers
bring up that graphic that showed some
of the top calls from HSBC. Um you're
largely constructive in Latinam. What's
noise and why are you guys so
constructive?
>> Well, the noise will be more elevated in
the region this year because the
political dynamics are are the political
calendar is quite busy.
>> But on the other hand, you're quite
compensated by yields whether nominal or
real being quite high. I mean this is
this is not a new story and I think this
is where investors have been gravitating
towards. You don't have that same kind
of carry trade dynamic amongst Asian
currencies. uh it's much more nuanced in
terms of what to like here, but Raimi is
is the one that is is screening well on
a lot of people's radars these days.
>> You mentioned about the carry trade. I
got to ask you about the yen as as we
kind of sidelined it, but we got to
bring it up. Is there anything that can
really strengthen it from from here
moving forward? [laughter]
>> We've been waiting for it.
>> Yeah, we're waiting for that that train
to arrive and it seemingly never does.
Uh so you're not alone. Uh but look, I I
think a couple of things. One is there
has been some domestic political
uncertainty that I think has undermined
people's view about what could be
happening on fiscal also monetary
policy. This is a this is a story that's
been digested
>> but for right still coming back to the
dollar side of the equation and if it's
softer it could help stabilize the
exchange rate dollar yen that is but we
need the kind of the local community to
start to think differently. Could they
begin to repatriate more or something
along those lines? That would be a very
important catalyst that indeed would be
quite significant. But again, we're
still waiting for that train to come.
>> Yeah. But has that mindset somewhat
changed ever so slightly? It it it was
more than a couple of decades of, you
know, a stagnant mindset around there
was no interest rate, there's no
inflation, and I wonder with the recent
pickup in the the delta we've seen
there, do you think that's influenced
some?
>> Not yet.
>> Not yet. I mean, because at the end of
the day, if you look at adjusted yields
for inflation, real yields, they're
still quite unattractive. And I think
that's fueling this idea that, you know,
the money outflow can persist for now.
But again, let's not lose sight of what
really can influence this exchange rate.
It's probably more dependent on what the
Fed could do.
>> Yeah. you know, if they're easing, who's
the Fed share, all these other issues
that weighs on the broad dollar, keeps
it soft, then again, uh, that can give
some respite to to the Japanese.
>> Fantastic. Happy New Year. It's very
nice to see you. Let's do this again
soon. Of course, when you have time, let
us know. Paul Malair, of course, guys,
global head of FX research at HSBC. Uh,
just ahead in the next hour, we'll
really zoom in on just speaking of FX,
[music] continue the conversation
perhaps with a uh a sharper focus on
EMFX cities joining us. There you go. on
your screens at those times. So, coming
up very shortly here on Bloomberg
television, we'll have more ahead here
on [music] the China Show. This is
Bloomberg.
[music]
Right. Looking at shares of [music] Z AI
uh trading debut today started on the
softer sides uh but as you can see we've
since picked up some momentum but lost a
little bit of it in the last few minutes
or so. Uh we spoke with a co-founder and
chairman in fact here talked about
things like US developers may succumb to
the same price competition that we've
seen of course with their Chinese
cohorts and uh that's really led them to
forego profitability. Uh we spoke
exclusively of course to them uh and
they also explained the reasoning behind
well taking the company public.
>> We've had some plans for going public
since quite early on. Our R&D
investments in foundation models and the
following commercialization strategy
were essentially preparations for an
IPO. We started some initial work since
last year.
Now we achieve the IPO this year. That's
more about following the natural
progression of steps.
>> How do you plan to spend the money that
you've raised through the IPO process?
Where do you see it going? Mostly
>> the fundraising amount for the IPO is
planned based on the company's
development strategy. There's two major
segments. R&D for foundation models and
the following commercialization
strategy.
70% of the IPO funds will be allocated
to R&D for foundation models which
includes the development of a universal
foundation model, the currently highly
anticipated intelligence agents and
multimodal systems.
About 10% of the funds will be allocated
to commercial infrastructure supporting
the foundation model. This includes
developing inference tools and models as
a service. Additionally, a portion of
the funds will be allocated to ecosystem
partnerships and some funds will cover
operational expenses or general
corporate purposes.
>> As a company, ZAI was initially more
focused on on government and and SOE for
instance. How do you see that changing?
And are you looking to build up more
partnerships in in the private sector
instead?
The demand from large B2B clients is
substantial, which accounts for a
relatively high proportion of our
current revenue, but we're also seeing
that our cloud-based revenue,
specifically from our mass platform, is
growing rapidly, where we saw user
numbers grow 10fold. However, due to its
lower pricing, its contribution to total
sales revenue remains relatively small.
We believe that in the future sales of
standardized products, particularly
those based on mass platforms, should
generate larger revenue and grow at a
faster pace. We anticipate that growth
will exceed 50% over the next 3 years
with more than half of that likely
coming from cloud-based clients.
>> It's been said, for instance, that
something that that Anthropic might
charge $200 for ZAI, for instance, would
be looking at at 200 yuan. So, it's
obviously priced a lot less than what
you see in the US, but how does that
impact your your margins and also how
does that impact your path to
profitability as a business?
>> We believe that based on the overall
trend, the price from mass will continue
to fall gradually because we think it
should be an infrastructure for the
entire society. At the same time, for
AI, for example, the compute costs
should also be gradually decreasing. We
see this trend very clearly. For
instance, in our current coding plan,
the price of compute power for our
coding API is about one10enth of clouds
while our performance can reach 90%.
This makes us more competitive and
benefits more users.
>> Do you think then that US companies like
OpenAI or Anthropic, do you think that
they actually need to look at the
pricing strategy of companies in China?
I believe that once the market matures
through full competition, more people
will understand the capabilities,
performance, and pricing of these
models, reaching a state of equilibrium,
it is possible for US companies to lower
prices, but ultimately I think that
depends on their own decisions.
>> I'm wondering also about the
geopolitical angle. Given that there's
been a lot of discussion around H200
chips and and the access of those in
China, would you be looking to acquire
those and which chips are you using as
well from the domestic companies?
>> We maintain an open attitude regarding
the use of chips as we focus more on
cost effectiveness. We hope that the
chip performance will become even better
while the chip price will be lower so as
to reduce our overall costs.
And that was the ZAI chairman and
co-founder Leo Bing speaking to Belle
there. If you're if you are a subscriber
and want to rewatch [music] that
interview, you of course can watch it
through our interactive TV function TV
go. You can also become part of the
conversation, send us instant messages,
questions [music] for our guests as
well. Feel free to check it out. TV go.
This is Bloomberg.
[music]
All right. If you want to track some of
the big plays here in [music] tech, it
seems like big tech is losing out to
what you're seeing in the star board
here today. We're seeing 2% gauge uh 2%
gains on that board here. So certainly
it's the tech space, the hardware, the
semis that are still doing quite well on
shore today over what we're seeing in
Hong Kong.
>> Yeah, there's really been a move down
the market cap chain, right? So this is
the starboard. You look at the chinx has
also done very very well of late and I
haven't checked it though today. Uh and
it's really picked up in terms of the
turnover in mainland, right? So I think
the CSI300 specifically the the IT index
is actually still up 1% despite the
declines we're seeing on the broader
gauge. And this just underscores the
renewed vigor and activity. So, we're
about 80 minutes or so into the cash
market session and already we have
crossed the 1.4 trillion yuan mark and
that puts us well on track in fact to
top yesterday's 4 uh 2 2.8 trillion. So,
we'll continue to track this as a gauge
I guess of market market sentiment here.
>> Yep. And so, that certainly is one thing
to watch. Uh the rest of the markets, we
are still seeing a bit of whipsaw when
it comes to the geopolitics side of
things. You had Trump obviously with
these posts about defense, about housing
that really did weigh on on market
sentiment overall here. We are still
seeing a slightly stronger remn though,
but still around that 698 [music]
handle here. CSI 300 is lower by about a
third of 1%. That's it for us here on
the China show.